#title Interviewstreet Challenge

* Kingdom Connectivity

It has been a prosperous year for King Charles and he is rapidly expanding his kingdom. a beautiful new kingdom has been recently constructed and in this kingdom there are many cities connected by a number of one-way roads. Two cities may be directly connected by more than one roads, this is to ensure high connectivity.

对于 Charles 国王来说，这是成功的一年，他迅速的扩展了他的王国。一个美丽的王国最近建立了，在这个王国中有许多城市通过许多单行道连通起来。两个城市可以直接通过多于一条路来连通，这是为了确保更高的连通性。

In this new kingdom King Charles has made one of the cities at his financial capital and one as warfare capital and he wants high connectivity between these two capitals. The connectivity of a pair of cities say city A and city B is defined as the number of different paths from city A to city B. A path may use a road more than once if possible. Two path are considered different if they do not use exactly the same sequece of roads.

在这个新的王国，国王 Charles 使一个城市作为他的金融中心，另一个作为战争中心，他想让这两个城市之间有更高的连通性。比方说城市A和城市B这一对城市的连通性由从城市A到城市B不同 **路径** 的数目定义。如果可能的话，一个 **路径** 可以多次使用一个道路。如果他们不精确地使用同一个道路序列，两个路径就是不同的。

There are N cities numbered 1 to N in the new kindom and M one-way roads. City 1 is the monetary captial and city N is the warare capital.

王国中有编号从1到N的N个城市和M条单行道。城市1是金融中心，城市N是战争中心。

You being one of he best programmers in new kindom need to answer the connectivity of financial capital and warfare capital, i.e number of different path from city 1 to city N.

你是王国中最好的计划员之一，需要回答金融中心和战争中心的连通性，例如，从城市1到城市N之间不同路径的数目。

** Input Description

First line contains two integers N and M.

第一行包含两个整数N和M。

Then follow M lines, each having two integers asy x and y, 1<=x,y<=N, indicating there is a road from city x to city y.

接到来的M行，每一行有两个整数，例如x和y，1<=x,y<=N, 代表有一条从城市x到城市y的道路。

** Output Description:

Print the number of different path from city 1 to city N modulo 1,000,000,000 (10^9). If there are infinitely many different paths print "INFINITE PATHS" (quotes are for clarity).

打印从城市1到城市N不同 **路径** 的数目 (不知道对谁求模)。如果有无穷多条不同 **路径** 打印 "INFINITE PATHS" (引号是为了清楚的说明)。

<example>
Sample Input:

5 5
1 2
2 4
2 3
3 4
4 5

Sample Output:

2

Sample Input:

5 5
1 2
4 2
2 3
3 4
4 5

Sample Output:

INFINITE PATHS

Constraints:

2<=N<=10,000(10^4)

1<=M<=1,00,000(10^5) 

</example>

